gh-74033: Fix bug when Path takes and ignores **kwargs (#19632)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2020-04-18-17-45-03.bpo-29847.Uxtbq0.rst

> Fix bug when Path takes and ignores **kwargs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix bug where :class:`pathlib.Path` and its subclasses take and ignore `**kwargs`. Patch provided by Yurii Karabas.
```

> Fix bug where :class:`pathlib.Path` accepted and ignored keyword arguments. Patch provided by Yurii Karabas.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fix a bug where :class:`pathlib.Path` accepted and ignored keyword arguments. Patch provided by Yurii Karabas.
```

> Fix bug where :class:`pathlib.Path` and its subclasses take and ignore `**kwargs`. Patch provided by Yurii Karabas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix bug where :class:`pathlib.PurePath` and its subclasses take and ignore `**kwargs`. Patch provided by Yurii Karabas.
```

> Fix bug where :class:`pathlib.PurePath` and its subclasses take and ignore `**kwargs`. Patch provided by Yurii Karabas.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fix bug where :class:`pathlib.Path` accepted and ignored keyword arguments. Patch provided by Yurii Karabas.
```
